feat: add public account interaction tutorial (#14)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-tutorials: docs/rust-client/counter_contract_tutorial.md

Each Miden assembly procedure has an associated hash. When calling a procedure in a smart contract, we need to know the hash of the procedure. The hashes of the procedures form a [Merkelized Abstract Syntax Tree (MAST).](https://0xpolygonmiden.github.io/miden-vm/design/programs.html)

> To get the root hash of the `increment_count` procedure, add this code snippet to the end of your `main()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the hash of the `increment_count` procedure, add this code snippet to the end of your `main()` function:
```
Is it sufficient just to say `hash`?

Author: Yes, I think so

```rust

> // Print the procedure root hash

Reviewer: Is it sufficient just to say `procedure hash` here?

After the program executes, you should see the procedure hashes printed to the terminal, for example:
```

> increment_count procedure root: "0xecd7eb223a5524af0cc78580d96357b298bb0b3d33fe95aeb175d6dab9de2e54"

Reviewer: root -> hash?

// -------------------------------------------------------------------------
println!("\n[STEP 2] Call Counter Contract With Script");

// Load the MASM script referencing the increment procedure
let file_path = Path::new("./masm/scripts/counter_script.masm");
let original_code = fs::read_to_string(file_path).unwrap();

// Replace the placeholder with the actual procedure call

> let replaced_code = original_code.replace("{increment_count}", &increment_count_root);

Reviewer: Should we rename that variable to `increment_count_hash`? Just to make it consistent?

    );
    println!("contract id: {:?}", counter_contract.id().to_hex());

    println!("account_storage: {:?}", counter_contract.storage());

>     // Since the counter contract is public and does sign any transactions, auth_secret_key is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Since anyone should be able to write to the counter contract, auth_secret_key is not required.
```

        .await
        .unwrap();

    // Print the procedure root hash
    let get_increment_export = counter_component
        .library()
        .exports()
        .find(|export| export.name.as_str() == "increment_count")
        .unwrap();

    let get_increment_count_mast_id = counter_component
        .library()
        .get_export_node_id(get_increment_export);

    let increment_count_root = counter_component
        .library()
        .mast_forest()
        .get_node_by_id(get_increment_count_mast_id)
        .unwrap()
        .digest()
        .to_hex();

    println!("increment_count procedure root: {:?}", increment_count_root);

    // -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    // STEP 2: Call the Counter Contract with a script
    // -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    println!("\n[STEP 2] Call Counter Contract With Script");

    // Load the MASM script referencing the increment procedure
    let file_path = Path::new("../masm/scripts/counter_script.masm");
    let original_code = fs::read_to_string(file_path).unwrap();

    // Replace the placeholder with the actual procedure call

>     let replaced_code = original_code.replace("{increment_count}", &increment_count_root);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let replaced_code = original_code.replace("{increment_count}", &increment_count_hash);
```
same comment as before

Author: Fixed
